- # Midnight
- DONE commit journal
- [[她想知道真正的OO/EP5]]
	- a professional golfer was harassed by paparazzi
	- people criticized her for wearing seducing dress in tournament
	- turns out that golfer was high school classmate of one editor
	- she wanted wear fancy clothes because of some family reason, also because she wanted to set up a model that other kids can follow
	- editors caught the paparazzi, and publish the interview
	- the reaction was good
	- at the end, turned out that mysterious camera man is the brother of the girl, who is said to be killed by the editor in chief 16 years ago
- 04:28 #[[Bed Time]]
- # Morning
- 11:11 #[[Wake Time]]
- [[LeetCode Daily Challenge/2022-02]] #Array #Backtracking #[[Bit Manipulation]]
	- problem:: Subsets
	  link:: https://leetcode.com/problems/subsets/
	  difficulty:: Medium
	  duration:: 3 mins
	- third time solving this problem
	- easy, start with a array containing only empty set, then loop through the array, add a set into the array by adding that number to existing set
	- also can be solved by bit manipulation
- # Afternoon
- [[隔壁的力/EP3]]
	- a Vietnam worker was pregnant, and was thus fired by her employer
	- she didn't want to go back to her country, and was angry at how Japanese treated her
	- she wanted to induce abortion, so man lead helped her by pretending to be the father of her baby
	- turned out she wanted to try again, raise the baby by herself and seek job opportunity again
- # Night
- prepare English self introduction #[[Job Interview]]
  id:: 6208fee2-c8cd-46b3-bbdc-29b19d38baa4
	- {{embed ((6207ba5a-9b60-473f-80ec-0d913cbba8e6))}}
	- Hi, my name is Yu-Hsiang, Cheng. I graduated from Information Management department at NTU last year. On campus, I focused on learning the foundation of computer science, as well as the technique of software development, and I found fulfillment during the process, that's why I decided to pursue a career in software engineering after my graduation.
	- During my time in college, I seized the opportunities of various course projects to develop software application with my classmates. In these projects, we would divide our objective into small and concrete tasks to let us track individual progress, and based on past performance, we could distribute future work in a more reasonable way. By developing in a team with great chemistry, I learned how to communicate efficiently with the people I work with, and also cultivate the sensitivity to project scheduling. I believe that these cooperative experiences can help me fit in the team smoothly.
	- Also, I view myself as a motivated learner. For example, when our team wanted to build a dating application for our project, but no other team members had relevant experience, I used online resources to learned how to develop mobile device applications using expo framework of React Native, and taught the group members related techniques to push the project on track. In addition, I used the spare time before graduation to learn how to develop in Golang on the Internet, and combined with the backend knowledge I learned in class, I was able to write a backend program that could support my personal website's functionality.
	- To sum up, software development is not only my specialty, it also is where my passion reside. Coupled with the two personality traits mentioned above, if I am fortunate enough to join the company in the future, I believe I can quickly integrate myself with the team and contribute to the company. Thank you.