- # Midnight
- DONE commit journal
- {{embed ((6214e880-5415-4023-ac0e-2517b7ea28ab))}}
- [[亂來!我居然會成為社長/EP9]]
  collapsed:: true
	- takanashi took asami to her home
	- relation foods' employees realized they might get fired
	- relation foods wanted to open a new store in a mall
	- takanashi lived with asami for one night
	- takanashi and asami went to an amusement park
	- taiga was angry at takanashi for not telling him that asami was at her home
	- takanashi told nogami the truth about his stolen IT system
	- kuzuhara disbanded relation foods
	- takanashi wanted asami to get back to his normal self
	- taiga apologized to takanashi
- 04:23 #[[Bed Time]]
- # Morning
- 09:59 #[[Wake Time]]
- [[LeetCode Daily Challenge/2022-03]] #String #Stack
  collapsed:: true
  id:: 624219a1-5076-44df-a74e-0e194374da33
	- problem:: Valid Parentheses
	  link:: https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/
	  difficulty:: Easy
	  duration:: 5 mins
	- third time solving this problem
	- easy using stack
	- can't find a way to write more concise if conditions
- [[Fight Song/EP9]]
  collapsed:: true
	- hanae became deaf
	- she taught children karate in a karate class
	- naomi encouraged shigo to tell hanae his feeling
	- ashida became a famous song producer
	- hanae did an interview with yoko
	- ashida found hanae on a bridge, but she didn't response to his voice
	- shigo confessed to hanae, she felt sorry for him and refused
	- ashida found out hanae cannot hear through the interview video
	- ashida and hanae met at the bridge again, but hanae ran away
	- hanae went into an elevator, but ashida and shigo both came into the elevator too
- # Afternoon
- solve LeetCode problem 797
  collapsed:: true
	- a typical DFS problem
	- no need to consider a node has been visited or not, because the graph is a DAG
	- need to try BFS next time
- # Night
- write a new English self introduction #[[Job Interview]]
	- Hi everyone, I'm Yu-Hsiang, Cheng. I graduated as an Information Management major from National Taiwan University last year. On campus, I focused on taking courses that can help me build a solid foundation of computer science knowledge, so that I can launch a career in software engineering after my graduation.
	  Back in school, I participated in numerous projects, in which my role ranged from frontend development, backend development to data analytics. Among these roles, I find backend development particularly interests me because designing and developing a system gives me a sense of fulfillment like building something from scratch. I mainly used javascript and golang to develop backend services, and I am eager to learn more frameworks and design principle to strengthen my ability.
	  I'm interested in this role at Yahoo search team because I like working on products that are being widely used. I am also looking forward to immersing myself in open culture, as well as working with talented people in Yahoo. I believe this environment can set me on a right track of a software engineer career. Thank you.