- # Agenda
	- #+BEGIN_QUERY
	  {:title [:h2 "Scheduled"]
	    :query [:find (pull ?block [* {:block/_parent ...}])
	            :in $ ?start ?next
	            :where
	            (or
	              [?block :block/scheduled ?d])
	            [(>= ?d ?start)]
	            [(<= ?d ?next)]]
	  :inputs [:7d-before :today]
	    :collapsed? false}
	  #+END_QUERY
	- #+BEGIN_QUERY
	  {:title [:h2 "Deadline"]
	    :query [:find (pull ?block [* {:block/_parent ...}])
	            :in $ ?start ?next
	            :where
	              [?block :block/deadline ?d]
	            [(>= ?d ?start)]
	            [(<= ?d ?next)]]
	    :inputs [:7d-before :today]
	    :collapsed? false}
	  #+END_QUERY
# Daily Metrics
	- DONE commit journal
	- CANCELED workout
	- CANCELED LeetCode Daily Problem
	- DONE Learn Daily JavaScript Question
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2022-07-18 Mon 08:29:12]--[2022-07-18 Mon 08:31:16] =>  00:02:04
	  :END:
# Daily Log
	- ## Midnight
		- [[石子與羽男/EP1]]
		  collapsed:: true
			- haneo became ishiko's partner
			- haneo wanted to set up a special personality for personal branding
			- a client was sued by a restaurant for using their electricity
			- haneo tried to talk sense with the restaurant owner but didn't go well
			- he wanted to give up
			- ishiko found out the owner had financial problem, and wanted to offer free service to him, in exchange for revoking lawsuit
			- haneo noticed the client had something hiding from them
			- they found out he was filming a car store
			- he was bullied at previous workspace, and now he wanted to help his colleague
			- two employees told them it was ooba that bullied sawamura
			- haneo wanted to give up on the case
			- he had superb memory
			- ooba was framed by his colleagues
			- sawamura was forced to join the plan
			- he gave them the evidence
			- ooba started working with them
		- 02:45 #[[Bed Time]]
	- ## Morning
		- 08:11 #[[Wake Time]]
		- asked [[Jack Chiang]] about the job id of fast type report data #[[PI/Dashboard]]
			- he said it's 549
		- fixed some errors in the script #Sherlock
		- gather notes for [[PI/Standup]]
			- for me, I was studying how to extract image url from the response returned by HLFS, I tried to write regular expression to do the work, but there are still some cases I couldn't match the string and so failed to extract the url, and then I found HLFS offers an option that could tell the user for a given page, what assets the browser need to download in order to render this page, so basically the response will contain a set of javascript files, stylesheet, font files and images, and because it also returns the url of each asset directly, I can avoid using regular expression to extract it from the string, I just need to find all the assets that are images and use the url it provides, so I'm changing my script to use this option, and I plan to run some sample input to see if this method is better than the current one
			  id:: 62d4c288-c5bb-49f7-9c27-bbd88f5f3130
		- [[PI/Standup]]
	- ## Afternoon
		- recorded domains and images that are not processed properly by [[HLFS]] and [[SMP]] #Sherlock
			- [[SMP]] cannot process `.svg`
			- some domains block [[SMP]] from accessing their assets
				- refer to [[Jira]] ticket
			- many pages use tiny `.gif`
			- lots of pages cannot be crawled by [[HLFS]]
				- returned error 550
		- [[Clement Lee]] canceled [[Clement One on One]]
		- retrieve data for fast type report in `index.php` #[[PI/Dashboard]]
			- verified with staging database
	- ## Night
		- studied why the SLA line disappear #[[PI/Dashboard]]
			- the step size of the y-axis of the chart will change
			- need to make it adjustable
		- prepare self introduction for tomorrow's [[TW Search all-hands]]
			- Hi, I am Yu-Hsiang Cheng. I joined Clement’s team in May as an associate software engineer.
			  My English name is Peter. You can call me Peter at work.
			  A little about myself. I majored in Information Management at NTU. In college, I have several project experiences in developing web applications, and these experiences encourage me to enter this industry. So I joined Yahoo after graduating from school last year. So far, this job is fun and challenging for me, and I’m excited to face what comes next.
			  Outside of work, I like jogging and listening to podcasts in my free time. Especially jogging, since I have less chance of going out because of working remotely, jogging in the park has become an important part of my daily life. And that is all for me. I am glad I joined Yahoo and am excited to work with you. Thanks.
		- gather notes for tomorrow's [[PI/Standup]]
			- for Sherlock, I was changing my script to use different method to crawl the referrer domains, and I compared the result with my old method to make sure it worked as I expected, and today I will run the script using the entire sample data, and at the same time, record the images and domains that cannot be processed by HLFS and SMP, because some domains block the crawler and some image formats are not supported by SMP, so I want to know how many requests are not handled properly and how can I resolve it, and for PI dashboard, yesterday I finished the part which retrieves fast type report data from the database, so next I will look into why the SLA line disappears when the y-axis of the chart exceeds a certain value
# Upcoming
	- #+BEGIN_QUERY
	  {:title [:h2 "Scheduled"]
	    :query [:find (pull ?block [* {:block/_parent ...}])
	            :in $ ?start ?next
	            :where
	              [?block :block/scheduled ?d]
	            [(> ?d ?start)]
	            [(< ?d ?next)]]
	  :result-transform (fn [result]
	                          (sort-by (fn [d]
	                                     (get d :block/scheduled) ) result))    
	  :inputs [:today :7d-after]
	    :collapsed? false}
	  #+END_QUERY
	- #+BEGIN_QUERY
	  {:title [:h2 "Deadline"]
	    :query [:find (pull ?block [* {:block/_parent ...}])
	            :in $ ?start ?next
	            :where
	              [?block :block/deadline ?d]
	            [(> ?d ?start)]
	            [(< ?d ?next)]]
	  :result-transform (fn [result]
	                          (sort-by (fn [d]
	                                     (get d :block/deadline) ) result))    
	  :inputs [:today :7d-after]
	    :collapsed? false}
	  #+END_QUERY
# Someday
	- query-table:: false
	  #+BEGIN_QUERY
	  {:title [:h2 "Tasks"]
	   :query [:find (pull ?b [* {:block/_parent ...}])
	          :where
	          [?b :block/marker ?marker]
	          (not [?b :block/scheduled ?d])
	          (not [?b :block/deadline ?d])
	  (not (page-ref ?b "templates"))
	          [(contains? #{"TODO" "DOING"} ?marker)]]
	  }
	  #+END_QUERY